# SpendingManagementSQL
Modified version of the SpendingManagement program, this time utilizing SQLite.
## User Stories
1) As a user, I want to record that I added $150 on the 4th of April from my savings. I will first click on the date form. The system will respond by pulling up the number key pad. I will tap 04/04/2020. Next, I will click the money form. The system will respond by pulling up the number key pad. I will tap 150. Then, I will click the purpose form. The system will respond by pulling up a full keyboard. I will type "Savings." Finally, I will click the Enter button. The system will respond by updating my balance at the top of the screen to $150, and it will enter the data into the table that is displayed underneath the text box "Transaction history."

2) As a user, I want to record that I spent $25.62 on the 5th of April on dining out. I will first click on the date form. The system will respond by pulling up the number key pad. I will tap 04/05/2020. Next, I will click the money form. The system will respond by pulling up the number key pad. I will tap -25.62. Then, I will click the purpose form. The system will respond by pulling up a full keyboard. I will type "Dining Out." Finally, I will click the Enter button. The system will respond by updating my balance at the top of the screen to $124.38, and it will enter the data into the table that is displayed underneath the text box "Transaction history."

3) As a user, I want to be able to close the app and return to it later without losing my data. I will quit the app entirely and force close it. I will then reopen it. The system will respond by having all of my information already populated on the screen for me.
